[Music]
let's go Maury any deaf crystals from
4po Jalan Prime there's a way we do this
now Morty
would you please accompany me to for bow
Jalan prime for death crystals well
thank you for asking yes I will do that
jeez you're really this pissed about my
mom making sure I'm okay with our
adventures what's next Morty what if I
want you to jump off the Empire State
Building I have to ask yes yes crystals
show you how you're gonna die oh my god
Jessica Oh Jessica I want to die with
Jessica what a die old and stop driving
[Music]
alright now take that to the trunk and
insert it into the clone compiler see
you appear to be holding a death crystal
that's guiding your decisions for them
what are you doing with my clothes okay
I'm you I took my own clone VAT offline
a couple seasons ago so I think my
backup got rerouted to your universe I'm
sorry
[Music]
sorry I didn't listen to you and tried
to kill the whole world and stuff yes I
got to learn how to live in the moment a
little more oh boy so you actually
learned something today
what is this full house this family have
a clean start I don't know if adventures
fit into my son's legs I'm fine
get off Rick's back Rick wasn't even
here when I was doing all that stuff
that was all on me
well alright Morty I would have comfort
the people who are dying who have no one
else in their life I'm gonna look at
their nametags and I'm gonna say I love
you followed by whatever it says on
their nametag over and over what the
[ __ ] what does it say do not develop my
app on your interns forehead why you
want to develop one I'm glad you asked
that Jerry it's so you don't develop his
app now if you'll excuse me I've got a
quick solo adventure to go on and this
one will not be directed by Ron Howard
he's gonna go poop when Grandpa Rick
spots his belly like that only without
more do you means he's going to go poop
he's a shape where he has a secret
pooping place [ __ ] you sweetie
got it serviced on the mothership
where's the mothership it's coming take
us to it yes shake it more Morty that
was working - the mothership
we are the man Naga Tron's while your
species was still toying with fire hours
master the science of functioning
committed relationships as the latest
planner to develop our app you will now
witness the true power of superior
intimacy nation your loves value is
defined by scarcity you are highly
trained to seek it and you have no idea
how to maintain it had you bothered to
master love you would have learned by
now it is as abundant as water that [ __ ]
runs out so we'll be taking yours well
next time you stumble onto a toilet that
feels too good for your ass trust me it
is you're not gonna kill me don't tell
me what to do all of these people are
living their wildest meaningless dreams
and leaving me out of them people you
refuse to kill and refuse to let into
your life and offer you rejected so
here's your last chance goodbye forever
if you touch my toilet again you died a
friend odd wall [ __ ] this was the paper
come on mom let's go home
great we lost earth is Tony here just
wanted to drop these off and you tell
him the toilets all his he'll he'll know
what I mean
Tony died excuse me hey Tony's dad this
is some eight-billion in your local
currency and uh this is a kit you can
use a clone a new son I understand it's
a hard losing a friend
[ __ ] you one
there he is there's our guy Congrats
Tony have fun with your stupid toilet
that you can use all by yourself now his
majesty this piece of garbage in the
entire cosmos long live the Big Bad
Voodoo Daddy may his reign last a
thousand years all right then let's loot
this cork calling card from miles
nightly a heist artist aka a hipster
dick whose adventures are 60% putting a
crew together and 40% revealing that the
robbery already happened and he's not
worth our time because he's a hack
piece-of-shit Rick Sanchez everyone
smartest man in the universe
and a savage critic of the high sting
arts about this rivalry can be settled
with words why don't we make things
interesting I challenge you to heist the
Crystal Skull of Horowitz hi stop this
is really coming together you know Rick
I've been busy working on writing a
heist strip yeah you almost never bring
it up oh [ __ ] we should head over
told you Morty he still got it
you sons of [ __ ] what's the giant
program to always be looking for the
next big score you're programmed to do
as I say I am programmed to double-cross
if I were it wouldn't be much of a
double-cross we need your help Rick
Morty
why me did something happened to Elon
Musk in your own reality no he's fine
but this is a team operation and regular
Elon can be a little bit control it
appears the only perfect heist is one
that was never written goodbye you know
that screenplay that I've been writing
Netflix is pretty interested and I've
actually got a pitch meeting there today
at 3:30 Oh buddy
oh that's amazing yeah well I know
you're gonna say that they're interested
in anything but you know it's a big deal
to me crazy day huh whole sky turned out
to be a big circuit Lord hear about this
heist movie okay so it's kind of all
built around this big crew with like a
cool double cross and then this big
awesome twist where there's like another
kid if you're slowing down cuz you think
you're doing bad right now Jesus Christ
are really good padding it man you know
I I'm starting to think heists are just
really dumb now you know man it's as if
someone stole his enthusiasm for his own
idea yeah without him even knowing
[Music]
are you still working on that stupid
heist strip if Morty ever gives up on a
single dream it better be because of his
own disillusionment I said I'll do it
for a dragon you said whatever I want my
dragon Laura Z of all treaty Twix to the
realms of dragon that man I got it's my
first gay wedding right here by buying
to this noble Serpent and rider at the
soul
here's your tome of dragons spells and
lore that'll have everything you need
enjoy your dragon so then why are you
talking why should that matter why
should it not matter how do I know I'm
not hallucinating Rick said this is an
abnormal event
you always need Rick to tell you what's
going on you have bested me I am at your
service good to be on the same parchment
now I'm gonna tell my grandson you ran
off with the loot
morning I can inflate feel better now
refunds your dragon soul bonded with my
grandpa oh my I am so sorry that is a
total violation Oh share on you say
mouth [ __ ] does it feel like you're with
me
because your soul got tangled in a if he
dies while your soul bonded you die to
Morty the moral of this story is bros
rescue dragons
[Music]
mom told me she wanted me to stay here
to make sure you didn't die will you
tell your mother that I'm gonna be fine
don't train your child to like change
your atomic matrix slightly lighter than
air and now your shoes are heavier than
air which makes you neutrally buoyant
not a danger there's nothing out here
early everything is out here because
you're always so helpful what is that
obviously it's a space snake all right
all right
just let me analyze the snakes planet so
I can whip up an anti-venom were able to
fling one this far out before they
slithered into extinction Oh God
killed there what's his name there buzz
aspirin wait go back I can't be the
reason why 19 billion snakes lost oh ho
that's right Morty only 19 billion
snakes can do that that species was
never getting beyond this station here
just just watch
[Music]
fall out of the sky will be in the sky
Beth unless it's possible for Jerry to
[ __ ] up wearing shoes oh crap target
acquired
give them proof that there was something
bigger and scarier to unite against you
little idiot they would have gone back
into the dark ages for a couple of
generations but instead they dedicated
themselves into making universe
destroying unthought out technology like
time travel you didn't think I could
hang lights without killing myself
look I'd want to be a strong man for you
but the truth is the truth is I'm coming
home with the best lights what's up
snakes time travel they'd hear what how
the [ __ ] did okay okay I'm on it
you a smart snake huh you using tools
now huh
those tools gonna turn into you
manipulating a fabric
[Music]
well this is better than them attacking
us all so that's about as much curvature
as you're gonna get from a time travel
story you know what this one counts as
one of your adventures Jerri I was
worried about you just killing some
snakes up here like everyone else I
guess and finishing the Christmas lights
wait the whole time I was screaming for
help and you stayed on the roof I
couldn't hear you over my own screaming
[Music]
you